---
layout: post
title: "#LWTSUMMIT NYC 2015"
date: 2015-10-06 23:37:33.000000000 -05:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: \[\]
tags: \[\]
meta: {}
author:
login: brycekbargar@gmail.com
email: brycekbargar@gmail.com
display\_name: Bryce Bargar
first\_name: Bryce
last\_name: Bargar
---

When I bought tickets to the summit (back in like June?) I was in a much different place. At the time I was happily engaged to a woman and also full on the pendulum backswing from my "butch" days. I was looking for a sense of community and thought, "for sure in October I'll be full time". When I got to the summit I was actually just bisexual and considered myself somewhere in the middle of the gender spectrum. I was "full time" in the sense that I just wear t-shirt and jeans and varying amounts of makeup and let society think what it wants.

Needless to say I felt pretty out of place, especially the first day.

The summit was supposed to start at 9:30\. I Planned to get there at 9:15 which would have given me enough time to check-in, find a seat in a semi-full auditorium next to someone else who looked like they were alone and start a snarky conversation about cats or Autostraddle or man-child programmers.

What actually happened was I got there around 9:25\. I was completely flustered after multiple Lyft drivers cancelled on me and after having the one that finally did pick me up keep calling me "Sir" despite my best attempt at makeup and female attire. That was actually ok because the Summit started like super late. I hung out in a big room carefully clutching my coffee and seemingly always in someones way. Looking around everyone I saw was either part of a gaggle of lesbians or on their smartphone looking super intimidating and unapproachable. Full stop social anxiety engaged.

When the doors to the auditorium finally opened I rushed in and courteously found took a seat against the wall so other people could sit in the row without stepping over me. And then I waited. For quite awhile actually. When it finally started, somehow there was no one sitting around me :(. Like, I guess this is what happens when you choose seating with the purpose of being out of the way...

As far as the actual conference goes? It was pretty unmemorable. I knew going in that it wasn't going to be super technical. When I bought my ticket no one was really talking about it on twitter and as the date got closer I should have realized that none of strong, technical women I admire most were attending. So I was just kind of bored... Partway through I pulled out my MBP and started messing with Nancy and Kestrel which actually was kind of way more interesting. It's not that Lesbians Who Tech is a boring organization, this conference could have just been more than it was. [I think Brook Shelley said it best][0],

> “It's certainly possible that many of the women and other folks there were hearing about imposter syndrome or trans-inclusiveness for the first time, but I'd love to have more talks that dig into the meat of intersectional feminism in tech.”
> 

Edi WIndsor was definitely a treat and probably the highlight of Friday, but if I wanted entertainment I would have gone to see a movie or a band or read a book or something else cheaper than the summit... This point was super driven home by talking with a coworker and seeing news coming out of the Elixer Conf he was attending the same weekend. All that being said. I was very pleased to make my first conference one where I didn't have to defend my gender identity nor my hacker skills. Now that crippling social anxiety has just turned into normal social anxiety through HRT I'm looking forward to attending more, probably technical, conferences in the future.

Look for my writeup of the Saturday Hackathon soon!


[0]: https://medium.com/@brookshelley/lesbians-who-tech-report-429e95dc889e
