---
layout: post
title: Ira Glass
date: 2016-03-28 00:49:03.000000000 -05:00
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: \[\]
tags: \[\]
meta: {}
author:
login: brycekbargar@gmail.com
email: brycekbargar@gmail.com
display\_name: Bryce Bargar
first\_name: Bryce
last\_name: Bargar
---

So I found this video of Ira Glass.

[Ira Glass on Storytelling][0] from [David Shiyang Liu][1] on [Vimeo][2].

And for awhile I was doing what he recommended. Just kind of putting myself out there and trying produce something, anything. What he doesn't talk about is how hard it is to keep putting yourself out there. To keep failing in public. To keep falling short of what you know you should know you should be capable of.

It's all about momentum... In case you haven't noticed, I went dark recently for quite awhile. Last year everything was awesome, I had all the momentum. Then things just kind of fell apart. Falling out of love with your programming language, breaking up and moving out of a relationship with someone you still loved, starting 2 new jobs in 5 months, brutal Chicago winters. It's easy to slow to a crawl without even realizing it.

Did you know it takes exactly 10 weeks to play through Kotor I/II, Mass Effect 1/2/3, and Fallout: New Vegas? Because I do. I know that I retreat into video games when I feel my life spinning out of control, which makes it all the more painful to watch myself doing it.

It's all about momentum. And I have it again. Mostly because I watched that Ira Glass video and decided to say Fuck It and start producing again.

So I wrote a song. Two and a half minutes of drums and bass. I'm not really proud of the ending. Or my performance on either instrument. Or the recording quality. Or any number of other things.

[Amateur Hour][3] from [brycekbargar][4] on [Vimeo][2].

But it's out there. So progress?

Anyways... I'm currently working on a couple of series of posts, which is cool I guess? 

I'm back. Ready to keep putting myself out there. To continue failing and putting out content I'm not exactly proud of.


[0]: https://vimeo.com/24715531
[1]: https://vimeo.com/thedak
[2]: https://vimeo.com
[3]: https://vimeo.com/160555969
[4]: https://vimeo.com/brycekbargar